Add Windows info common build problems (#2489)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/common-build-problems.md

```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

## **Windows**: common build problems and known issues

> For a list of common builds problems and known issues, please visit our community forum [here](https://travis-ci.community/t/current-known-issues-please-read-this-before-posting-a-new-topic/264).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of common build problems on Windows, known issues and workarounds, please visit the [Travis CI community forum].(https://travis-ci.community/t/current-known-issues-please-read-this-before-posting-a-new-topic/264).
```

Reviewer: wdyt @ssabrii ?

Author: Looks great thank you!

> Our forum helps give better visibility on the issues customers are running into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Travis CI community forum](https://travis-ci.community) provides better visibility on the issues customers are running into and how to solve them.
```
